[Documentation] Add Mistralai docs (#623)
langchain4j/langchain4j: docs/docs/integrations/embedding-models/mistralai.md

To install langchain4j to your project, add the following dependency:

For Maven project `pom.xml`

```xml

<dependency>
    <groupId>dev.langchain4j</groupId>
    <artifactId>langchain4j</artifactId>
    <version>{your-version}</version> <!-- Specify your version here -->
</dependency>

<dependency>
    <groupId>dev.langchain4j</groupId>
    <artifactId>langchain4j-mistral-ai</artifactId>
    <version>{your-version}</version>
</dependency>
```

For Gradle project `build.gradle`

```groovy
implementation 'dev.langchain4j:langchain4j:{your-version}'
implementation 'dev.langchain4j:langchain4j-mistral-ai:{your-version}'
```
#### API Key setup
Add your MistralAI API key to your project, you can create a class ```ApiKeys.java``` with the following code

```java
public class ApiKeys {
    public static final String MISTRALAI_API_KEY = System.getenv("MISTRAL_AI_API_KEY");
}
```
Don't forget set your API key as an environment variable.
```shell
export MISTRAL_AI_API_KEY=your-api-key #For Unix OS based
SET MISTRAL_AI_API_KEY=your-api-key #For Windows OS
```
More details on how to get your MistralAI API key can be found [here](https://docs.mistral.ai/#api-access)

## Embedding

> Embedding MistralAI model allow you to embed sentences, and use it into your application is simple. We provide a simple example to get you started with MistralAI Embeddings model integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MistralAI Embeddings model allows you to embed sentences, and using it in your application is simple. We provide a simple example to get you started with MistralAI Embeddings model integration.
```

        Embedding embedding1 = embeddingModel.embed(segment1).content();
        embeddingStore.add(embedding1, segment1);
        
        TextSegment segment2 = TextSegment.from("The weather is good today.");
        Embedding embedding2 = embeddingModel.embed(segment2).content();
        embeddingStore.add(embedding2, segment2);
        
        String userQuery = "What is your favourite sport?";
        Embedding queryEmbedding = embeddingModel.embed(userQuery).content();
        int maxResults = 1;
        List<EmbeddingMatch<TextSegment>> relevant = embeddingStore.findRelevant(queryEmbedding, maxResults);
        EmbeddingMatch<TextSegment> embeddingMatch = relevant.get(0);

        System.out.println("Question: " + userQuery); // What is your favourite sport?
        System.out.println("Response: " + embeddingMatch.embedded().text()); // I like football.
    }
}
```
For this example, we'll add 2 text segments, but LangChain4j offers built-in support for loading documents from various sources:
File System, URL, Amazon S3, Azure Blob Storage, GitHub, Tencent COS.
Additionally, LangChain4j supports parsing multiple document types:
text, pdf, doc, xls, ppt.

> You can see that output below like this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output will be similar to this:
```

```plaintext
Question: What is your favourite sport?
Response: I like football.
```

Of course, you can combine MistralAI Embeddings with RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation) techniques.

> In [RAG](/docs/tutorials/rag) you will learn how to use RAG techniques to ingestion, retrieval and Advanced Retrieval with LangChain4j.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [RAG](/docs/tutorials/rag) you will learn how to use RAG techniques for ingestion, retrieval and Advanced Retrieval with LangChain4j.
```

A lot of parameters are set behind the scenes, such as timeout, model type and model parameters.
In [Set Model Parameters](/docs/tutorials/model-parameters) you will learn how to set these parameters explicitly.

### More examples

> if you want check more examples, you can find them in the [langchain4j-examples](https://github.com/langchain4j/langchain4j-examples) project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to check more examples, you can find them in the [langchain4j-examples](https://github.com/langchain4j/langchain4j-examples) project.
```
